aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-9-threads-limit-5.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-8-threads-limit-4.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-8-threads-limit-5.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-9-threads-limit-4.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-9-threads-limit-6.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-8-threads-limit-7.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-8-threads-limit-6.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-9-threads-limit-7.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-9-threads-limit-3.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-8-threads-limit-2.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-8-threads-limit-3.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-9-threads-limit-2.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-8-threads-limit-1.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-9-threads-limit-1.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-4-threads-limit-1.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-7-threads-limit-3.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-6-threads-limit-2.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-6-threads-limit-3.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-5-threads-limit-1.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-7-threads-limit-2.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-4-threads-limit-2.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-5-threads-limit-3.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-6-threads-limit-1.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-5-threads-limit-2.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-7-threads-limit-1.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-4-threads-limit-3.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-3-threads-limit-2.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-7-threads-limit-5.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-6-threads-limit-4.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-6-threads-limit-5.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-2-threads-limit-2.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-7-threads-limit-4.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-3-threads-limit-3.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-4-threads-limit-4.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-3-threads-limit-1.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-7-threads-limit-6.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-5-threads-limit-5.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-6-threads-limit-6.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-5-threads-limit-4.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-2-threads-limit-1.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-7-threads-limit-7.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-9-threads-limit-9.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-8-threads-limit-8.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/semaphore-single-processor/semaphore-single-processor-9-threads-limit-8.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/root-of-polynomial/root-of-x2minus50xplus625-8.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/tic-tac-toe/tic-tac-toe-3x3-at-most-one-winner.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/unary-binary-counter/unary-binary-counter-4-bits.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/unary-binary-counter/unary-binary-counter-5-bits.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/unary-binary-counter/unary-binary-counter-8-bits.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/unary-binary-counter/unary-binary-counter-7-bits.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/unary-binary-counter/unary-binary-counter-6-bits.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/prime-factorization/prime-factorization-3656158440062976.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/prime-factorization/prime-factorization-60466176.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/prime-factorization/prime-factorization-92091747551042.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/prime-factorization/prime-factorization-470184984576.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/multiplication-commutativity/multiplication-commutativity-4.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/multiplication-commutativity/multiplication-commutativity-8.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/petersons-algorithm/petersons-algorithm-2-threads-2-cores.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/petersons-algorithm/petersons-algorithm-2-threads-1-core.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/unary-counter-maximum/unary-counter-maximum-1.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/unary-counter-maximum/unary-counter-maximum-2.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/unary-counter-maximum/unary-counter-maximum-3.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/unary-counter-maximum/unary-counter-maximum-7.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/unary-counter-maximum/unary-counter-maximum-6.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/unary-counter-maximum/unary-counter-maximum-4.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/unary-counter-maximum/unary-counter-maximum-5.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/unary-counter-maximum/unary-counter-maximum-8.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-11-0x500.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-07-0x60.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-04-0xc.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-21-0x140000.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-09-0x110.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-24-0xe10000.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-14-0x3802.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-20-0x90000.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-13-0x1c80.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-05-0x14.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-18-0x20400.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-17-0x12000.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-10-0x240.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-08-0xb8.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-12-0xe08.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-02-0x3.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-03-0x6.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-16-0xd008.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-23-0x420000.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-06-0x30.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-19-0x72000.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-15-0x6000.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/lfsr-period/fibonacci-22-0x300000.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/trivial/false.aag: UNKNOWN
aiger-safety-properties/trivial/buffer.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/trivial/latch.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/trivial/shift-10101010.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/trivial/true.aag: UNKNOWN
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-13-21.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-22-29.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-06-14.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-11-18.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-18-28.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-41.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-40.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-18-29.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-11-19.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-22-28.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-13-20.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-13-22.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-08-12.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-42.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-43.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-08-13.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-13-23.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-06-12.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-46.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-06-13.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-13-18.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-22-38.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-08-14.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-06-11.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-20-29.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-11-21.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-16-28.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-44.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-45.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-11-20.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-16-29.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-20-28.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-06-10.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-22-39.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-13-19.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-21-33.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-21-27.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-19-23.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-17-26.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-17-32.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-12-16.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-15-23.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-36.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-37.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-15-22.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-12-17.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-17-27.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-21-26.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-21-32.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-21-30.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-19-34.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-17-31.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-17-25.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-15-20.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-28.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-35.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-34.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-29.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-15-21.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-17-24.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-17-30.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-19-35.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-21-31.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-21-25.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-21-35.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-19-25.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-19-31.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-10-15.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-15-25.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-15-19.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-39.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-30.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-38.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-31.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-05-09.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-15-24.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-19-30.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-10-14.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-19-24.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-17-21.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-21-34.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-21-36.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-17-23.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-10-16.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-19-32.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-19-26.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-15-26.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-33.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-27.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-32.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-15-27.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-19-27.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-10-17.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-19-33.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-17-22.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-21-37.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-09-13.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-05-13.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-36.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-37.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-05-12.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-19-29.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-22-40.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-12-20.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-05-10.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-35.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-28.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-29.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-34.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-05-11.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-12-21.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-19-28.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-10-18.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-21-38.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-07-14.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-09-15.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-21-28.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-17-29.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-12-19.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-39.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-30.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-23-38.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-31.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-05-14.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-12-18.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-17-28.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-21-29.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-09-14.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-07-11.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-07-13.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-09-16.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-33.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-32.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-07-12.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-14-21.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-22-34.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-20-25.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-20-31.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-16-30.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-16-24.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-18-35.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-41.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-40.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-18-34.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-16-25.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-20-30.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-20-24.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-22-35.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-14-20.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-14-22.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-13-17.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-03-06.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-22-37.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-20-32.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-20-26.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-16-27.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-18-22.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-42.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-43.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-18-23.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-16-26.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-20-27.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-20-33.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-22-36.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-14-23.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-22-32.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-22-26.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-20-37.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-11-17.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-18-33.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-18-27.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-16-22.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-46.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-16-23.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-18-26.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-11-16.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-18-32.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-20-36.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-22-27.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-22-33.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-14-18.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-14-24.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-22-31.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-20-34.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-18-24.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-18-30.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-16-21.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-44.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-24-45.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-16-20.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-18-31.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-11-15.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-18-25.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-20-35.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-22-30.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-04-08.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-14-25.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/collatz-sequence/collatz-sequence-14-19.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/x-lte-x-squared/x-lte-x-squared-32.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/x-lte-x-squared/x-lte-x-squared-8.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/x-lte-x-squared/x-lte-x-squared-16.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-stateless-n4-12.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-register-n4-12.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-register-n4-04.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-stateless-n4-04.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-register-n3-08.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-stateless-n3-08.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-register-n4-02.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-register-n4-16.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-stateless-n4-02.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-stateless-n4-16.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-stateless-n3-12.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-register-n3-12.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-register-n3-04.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-stateless-n3-04.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-register-n4-08.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-stateless-n4-08.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-register-n3-16.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-register-n3-02.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-stateless-n3-16.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/fermats-last-theorem/fermats-last-theorem-stateless-n3-02.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/traffic-light/traffic-light-cycle-prescale-bits-4.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/traffic-light/traffic-light-cycle-prescale-bits-0.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/traffic-light/traffic-light-cycle-prescale-bits-8.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/spi-sub-receive-e/spi-bus-receive-e-24-bits.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/spi-sub-receive-e/spi-bus-receive-e-32-bits.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/spi-sub-receive-e/spi-bus-receive-e-48-bits.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/spi-sub-receive-e/spi-bus-receive-e-16-bits.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/spi-sub-receive-e/spi-bus-receive-e-64-bits.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/spi-sub-receive-e/spi-bus-receive-e-08-bits.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/prime/prime-20996011-accumulator.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/prime/prime-2147483647-stateless.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/prime/prime-2147483647-accumulator.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/prime/prime-20996011-stateless.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/prime/prime-65537-stateless.aag: test Failed
aiger-safety-properties/prime/prime-65537-accumulator.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/hamming-code/hamming-code-distance-07-04.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/hamming-code/hamming-code-distance-15-11.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/hamming-code/hamming-code-distance-63-57.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/hamming-code/hamming-code-distance-03-01.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/hamming-code/hamming-code-distance-31-26.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/counter-overflow/counter-overflow-8.aag: test OK
aiger-safety-properties/counter-overflow/counter-overflow-4.aag: test OK
